hundreds of people are thought to have
died Israel says it wasn't responsible
blaming a misfiring rocket from a
Palestinian group President Biden today
agreed saying the evidence he's seen
appears to show Israel was not to blame
but many in the Arab world aren't
convinced and there have been protests
by thousands of people right across the
Middle East well in a moment our
correspondent rushi Abu Alo reports from
the scene of the hospital blast but
first is Jeremy Bowen on President
Biden's crucial diplomatic Mission a
warning his report contains some very
distressing
images a car park outside the alaki
hospital became a killing
ground the arguments about who
responsible come too late for the people
whose lives ended
here even with their bodies taken away
the clean up this morning also meant
collecting small pieces of
Flesh
God have mercy he said they were
civilians and Muhammad Al Safari a
neighbor can't unsee children with legs
blown off and the bodies he helped
carry they all he said thought they'd be
safe near a
hospital early this morning at the
defense Ministry in Tel Aviv the
military presented data it said proved
Israel did not attack the hospital
instead they said it was a
malfunctioning rocket fired by
Palestinian Islamic
Jihad the trajectory analysis from the
barriage of rockets confirms that the
Rockets were fired close proximity to
the
hospital according to our intelligence
Hamas checked the reports understood it
was an Islamic Jihad
rocket that had misfired and decided to
launch a global media campaign to hide
what really
happened they went as far as inflating
the numbers of
casualties coming to Tel Aviv was a
gamble for President Biden he wanted to
ease gaza's humanitarian catastrophe
while supporting Israel's war effort
perhaps an impossible Circle to square
with Israel's leader Benjamin
nety
but a deal emerged from their meeting
food water and medicine but no fuel from
Egypt to Gaza for Israel more military
aid and agreement that they didn't hit
the hospital and based on what I've seen
it appears as though it was done by the
other team not not you I wanted to
personally come and make that
clear thank you for having me and uh I'm
looking forward to having a thorough
discussion about where everybody goes
from here the president won't change the
minds of those who insist Israel attack
the hospital Joe Biden's presence here
will only deepen the conviction among
Palestinians and millions of other Arabs
that America isn't just on Israel's side
but that it's also complicit in
everything Israel is doing in Gaza
including killing
civilians until the Hamas attacks on it
Israel President Biden dreamt of
transforming the Middle East the
Americans were negotiating with Saudi
Arabia and Israel to try to get the two
countries to recognize each other that
is not on the agenda
anymore grief is crushing the families
of gaza's dead Israel was warned by Joe
Biden not to be consumed by
rage while gaza's shifa Hospital a
father was saying goodbye to his dead
children in a corridor that's been
turned into a
Mory a waiting room for the
grave Jeremy bow BBC news in
Israel well health officials tonight in
Gaza say 471 people were killed in the
Hospital blast and our correspondent
rushi Abu aloof has seen the wreckage
the AL a hospital is right in the center
of Gaza City and a warning you may find
some of the images in his report
distressing when I arrived to the
hospital this morning they were still
collecting the
dead after what looks to have been the
deadliest moment we have seen so far in
Gaza there were burent out car s after
huge fire Following last night blast I
was talking to the one of the people who
witnessed this what the Palestinian are
call it Massacre he said that they were
just sitting in the garden peacefully
and suddenly huge explosion rocked this
area he said we collecting bodies
injured people we
evacuated serious injuries using
motorcycle some some people like
evacuated on foot he said from here to
to shifa
hospital blood soaked mattresses lay on
the
ground as we picked our way through the
devastation brid scattered aimed
wreckage children's backpacks and
collaps tint where people had been
sleeping doctors told us thousands were
seeking shelters at the hospital when it
happened
eyewitnesses said the hospital ground
were packed with people living under
siege and Under Fire people are still
collecting body pieces from on the
ground people are still in
banic people are still trying to
understand what's
happened fear grief and
anger my message to the world stand up
for the right thing don't be afraid of
The Americans don't be afraid of the
Israeli Air Forces we will continue this
fight until the last drop of
blood Health official here are saying
hundreds are dead injured and
missing this is the moment of herror for
Palestinians already traumatized by this
war R BBC news Gaza City